Update `renerocksai/telekasten.nvim` (#1198)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [nfrid/due.nvim](https://github.com/nfrid/due.nvim) - Displays due for a date string as a virtual text.
- [jbyuki/venn.nvim](https://github.com/jbyuki/venn.nvim) - Draw ASCII diagrams.
- [stevearc/gkeep.nvim](https://github.com/stevearc/gkeep.nvim) - Google Keep integration.

> - [nvim-telekasten/telekasten.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telekasten/telekasten.nvim) - A Neovim (lua) plugin for working with a text-based, markdown zettelkasten / wiki and mixing it with a journal, based on telescope.nvim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [nvim-telekasten/telekasten.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telekasten/telekasten.nvim) - Work with a text-based, markdown zettelkasten / wiki and mix it with a journal, based on telescope.nvim.
```
